Hello, netizens.
Please help the live streaming host to follow and like.
Our learning machine
It covers from elementary school to high school.
Courses taught by famous teachers
Factory direct sales
If you place an order now, you will also get benefits.
To finance my college tuition
Mom followed the craze and started live streaming goods.
But the garbage is useless.
The same style on a certain treasure is cheaper.
What a profiteer
This kind of learning machine is a lie.
Why is our learning machine not good?
It is cheaper on a certain treasure.
The quality is different.
How can our learning machine lie?
The quality is certified by experience.
Stop messing around with the rhythm
My mother's live broadcast is all to save my tuition.
Don't bully me too much
Hahaha, it's about to start
Don't be fooled
That's all drama
Another sad-fishing routine
So disgusting
Why isn't it acting?
We are all real
Hahaha, I can't lie, I'm so angry, right?
Don't buy his stuff.
I fuck you look at that dog